Update service-limits.md to list the summary max size (#115463)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-fluid-relay/reference/service-limits.md

## Fluid summaries

> Incremental summaries uploaded to Azure Fluid Relay can't exceed 28 MB in size. If the size of the document grows above 95 MB, subsequent client load or join requests will fail. More info [here](https://fluidframework.com/docs/concepts/summarizer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incremental summaries uploaded to Azure Fluid Relay can't exceed 28 MB in size. If the size of the document grows above 95 MB, subsequent client load or join requests will fail. For more information, see [Fluid Framework Summarizer](https://fluidframework.com/docs/concepts/summarizer).
```
